Draft multi-site readme updates (#457)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/pwa/README.md

See the [Localization README.md](./app/translations/README.md) for important setup instructions for localization.

## Retail Project Configurations

> The Retail app project configurations are available in `/config` folder. The `/config/default.js` contains all default configurations related to URLs, site aliases, CommerceAPI, Einstein API, page-not-found URL, and other SSR configurations used by Managed Runtime. The `/config/sites.js` file contains configurations related the sites you have configured in Business Manager and related locale and currencies. The `sites.js` is referenced inside `default.js` using `const sites = require('./sites.js')` in the beginning.

Reviewer: Here is a suggestion that clarifies things a little big, and also make things more vague where we don't need to be so specific.

```suggestion
By default the Retail React App's configuration is located within the `app/config` folder, and more specifically the `default.js` file. Within this file you can make changes to how your application runs on the Managed Runtime via your SSR options like `ssrParameters`, `pageNotFoundURL`, etc. Similarly you can make changes to how your Retail React App works by changing the configuration options under the `app` key. Some of those options are your Commerce API and Einstein API connection strings, your URL settings, and site and site alias configurations.

We have taken it upon ourselves to extract the sites configured for you application into its own file called `config/sites.js`. This will allow you to more easily synchronize the sites supported by your Retail React App and those defined in your Business Manager backend. But you can define your sites directly in the main configuration file is you so choose. 
```

See the [Localization README.md](./app/translations/README.md) for important setup instructions for localization.

## Retail Project Configurations

By default the Retail React App's configuration is located within the `app/config` folder, and more specifically the `default.js` file. Within this file you can make changes to how your application runs on the Managed Runtime via your SSR options like `ssrParameters`, `pageNotFoundURL`, etc. Similarly you can make changes to how your Retail React App works by changing the configuration options under the `app` key. Some of those options are your Commerce API and Einstein API connection strings, your URL settings, and site and site alias configurations.

> We have taken it upon ourselves to extract the sites configured for you application into its own file called `config/sites.js`. This will allow you to more easily synchronize the sites supported by your Retail React App and those defined in your Business Manager backend. But you can define your sites directly in the main configuration file is you so choose. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have taken it upon ourselves to extract the sites configured for you application into its own file called `config/sites.js`. This will allow you to more easily synchronize the sites supported by your Retail React App and those defined in your Business Manager backend, but you can opt to define your sites directly in the main configuration file.
```

The extensive configuration options allow you to,

1. Use `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json` format to manage your configuration files. 
3. Chose whether locale and site options available in the URL query parameters, sub-path, or not appear at all.
4. Optionally assign aliases to locale ID and site ID. 
5. Manage multiple business manager sites that are hosted in the same domain.

> 6. Manage multiple business manager sites based on multiple domains that can be deployed to different Managed Runtime environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Manage multiple business manager sites based on multiple domains that can be deployed to different Managed Runtime environments.
```

### Customize URLs

> You can customize how storefront URLs are formatted in `config/default.js`. Retail application allows you to configure site alias or locale to be in path or querty parameter. You can also not have them in URL altogether. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customize how storefront URLs are formatted in `config/default.js`. The Retail React App allows you to configure site or locale references (ids or aliases) to be in path or a query parameter. You can also not have them in URL altogether. 
```

See the [Localization README.md](./app/translations/README.md) for important setup instructions for localization.

## Retail Project Configurations

> By default the Retail React App's configuration is located within the `app/config` folder, and more specifically the `default.js` file. Within this file you can make changes to how your application runs on the Managed Runtime via your SSR options like `ssrParameters`, `pageNotFoundURL`, etc. Similarly you can make changes to how your Retail React App works by changing the configuration options under the `app` key. Some of those options are your Commerce API and Einstein API connection strings, your URL settings, and site and site alias configurations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Retail React App's configuration is located within the `app/config` folder, and more specifically the `default.js` file. Within this file you can make changes to how your application runs on the Managed Runtime via your SSR options like `ssrParameters`, `pageNotFoundURL`, etc. Similarly you can make changes to how your Retail React App works by changing the configuration options under the `app` key. Some of those options are your Commerce API and Einstein API connection strings, your URL settings, and site and site alias configurations.
```

I think we can remove 'By default' since that implies you can change the location of the config files within app/config.

If we want to say that `app/config` is where the default config lives, we can say

```
The default configuration of the Retail React App is located in the `app/config` folder, and more specifically the `default.js` file.
```

> We extract the sites configured for you application into its own file called `config/sites.js`. This allows you to more easily synchronize the sites supported by your Retail App and those defined in your Business Manager backend. But you can define your sites directly in the main configuration file is you so choose. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sites supported by your application are defined in a file called `config/sites.js`. Here, you can synchronize the sites supported by your Retail App and those defined in your Business Manager backend. 
```

I'm not sure if we want people to be defining their sites in the main configuration file? They could but we should nudge developers towards the suggested way of doing things

The extensive configuration options allow you to,

1. Use `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json` format to manage your configuration files. 

> 3. Chose whether locale and site options available in the URL query parameters, sub-path, or not appear at all.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Chose whether locale and site options are available in the URL query parameters, sub-path, or not appear at all.
```

4. Optionally assign aliases to locale ID and site ID. 
5. Manage multiple business manager sites that are hosted in the same domain.
6. Manage multiple business manager sites based on multiple domains that can be deployed to different Managed Runtime environments.

### Dedicated Configuration Files

At project generation a single `default` configuration is created. For most cases a single configuration file will get the job done. But there are times where you want to have a different configuration for a different environment. These environments for example could be, a developers local machine, a remote `production` environment, or a remote `staging` environment. In all these cases you want to use a different configuration for each. 

> To achieve this the way in which we resolve what configuration file to use is done in the following way. First, we check to see if there is a config file named after your remote Managed Runtime environment, if none it found we'll then look for a `local` configuration (only if we are running on a developers machine), finally if we still don't find a configuration, we'll load the `default` config file `config/default.js`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When multiple configurations are present, which configuration file to use is resolved in the following way: 

1. Check to see if there is a config file named after your remote Managed Runtime environment and use this if one is present.
2. If we are running on a developer machine, look for a `local` configuration and use this if one is present.
3. Load the `default` config file `config/default.js`.
```

This allows you do these but not limited to things:

- Each developer can have their own configuration, connection to their own Commerce API sandboxes.
- Deploy a single codebase application to multiple environments with their own specific configurations (Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains).

> Furthermore, your configurations can be written in any of the following languages, `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json`. And will be marched based on that priority.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This allows for the following:

- Each developer can set up their own configuration file and connection to their own Commerce API sandboxes.
- Deploy a single codebase application to multiple environments, each with their own specific configurations (Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains).

Furthermore, your configurations can be written in any of the following languages, `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json`. And will be marched based on that priority. 
```

### Customize URLs

> You can customize how storefront URLs are formatted in `config/default.js`. The Retail React App allows you to configure site or locale references (ids or aliases) to be in path or a query parameter. You can also not have them in URL altogether. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can customize how storefront URLs are formatted in `config/default.js`. The Retail React App allows you to configure site or locale references (ids or aliases) to be in the path or a query parameter. You can also not have them in the URL altogether. 
```

See the [Localization README.md](./app/translations/README.md) for important setup instructions for localization.

## Retail Project Configurations

The Retail React App's configuration is located within the `app/config` folder, and more specifically the `default.js` file. Within this file you can make changes to how your application runs on the Managed Runtime via your SSR options like `ssrParameters`, `pageNotFoundURL`, etc. Similarly you can make changes to how your Retail React App works by changing the configuration options under the `app` key. Some of those options are your Commerce API and Einstein API connection strings, your URL settings, and site and site alias configurations.

The sites supported by your application are defined in a file called `config/sites.js`. Here, you can synchronize the sites supported by your Retail App and those defined in your Business Manager backend. 

> The extensive configuration options allow you to,
> 
> 1. Use `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json` format to manage your configuration files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration features include:

1. Using `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json` to define your configuration. 
```

3. Chose whether locale and site options are available in the URL query parameters, sub-path, or not appear at all.
4. Optionally assign aliases to locale ID and site ID. 
5. Manage multiple business manager sites that are hosted in the same domain.
6. Manage multiple business manager sites based on multiple domains that can be deployed to different Managed Runtime environments.

### Dedicated Configuration Files

At project generation a single `default` configuration is created. For most cases a single configuration file will get the job done. But there are times where you want to have a different configuration for a different environment. These environments for example could be, a developers local machine, a remote `production` environment, or a remote `staging` environment. In all these cases you want to use a different configuration for each. 

> When multiple configurations are present, which configuration file to use is resolved in the following way: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple configurations are present, which configuration file to used is resolved in the following way: 
```

1. Check to see if there is a config file named after your remote Managed Runtime environment and use this if one is present.
2. If we are running on a developer machine, look for a `local` configuration and use this if one is present.
3. Load the `default` config file `config/default.js`.

This allows you do these but not limited to things:

- Each developer can have their own configuration, connection to their own Commerce API sandboxes.
- Deploy a single codebase application to multiple environments with their own specific configurations (Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains).

> Furthermore, your configurations can be written in any of the following languages, `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Furthermore, your configurations can be written in any of the following languages, `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json`. And will be marched based on that priority. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, your configurations can be written in any of the following languages, `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json`.
```

### Dedicated Configuration Files

At project generation a single `default` configuration is created. For most cases a single configuration file will get the job done. But there are times where you want to have a different configuration for a different environment. These environments for example could be, a developers local machine, a remote `production` environment, or a remote `staging` environment. In all these cases you want to use a different configuration for each. 

When multiple configurations are present, which configuration file to use is resolved in the following way: 

1. Check to see if there is a config file named after your remote Managed Runtime environment and use this if one is present.
2. If we are running on a developer machine, look for a `local` configuration and use this if one is present.
3. Load the `default` config file `config/default.js`.

This allows you do these but not limited to things:

- Each developer can have their own configuration, connection to their own Commerce API sandboxes.
- Deploy a single codebase application to multiple environments with their own specific configurations (Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains).

> This allows for the following:
> 
> - Each developer can set up their own configuration file and connection to their own Commerce API sandboxes.
> - Deploy a single codebase application to multiple environments, each with their own specific configurations (Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> *Note*: URLs constructed using canonical site and locale ids are still valid URLs even when aliases are used.   

### Manage Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains

It is possible to manage mutliple B2C sites defined in Business Manager and deploy them over different domains using multiple Managed Runtime environments. This is done using a dedicated config file for each environment. For example, your site can be `customer.ca` and `customer.uk`, or `customer-a.com` and `customer-b.ca`. You can also customize the URL patterns further. t is possible to have `customer-1.com/us` and `customer-2.com/?locale=en_US`.

You can deploy bundles to work with multiple domains using different Managed Runtime envioronment, each configured for a separate domain. The configuration mapping is done by means of unique configuration file for each Managed Runtime environment. 

For example, to deploy `customer-1.com` is deployed to envioronment `env-customer-1`, and `customer-2.com` to environment `env-customer-2`, you need to create files `config/env-customer-1.js` and `config/env-customer-2.js` respectively, in place of `config/default.js`. 

> 

Reviewer: I'm wondering if the readme is the right place for this type of documentation. Here we are talking a lot about solutions to problems. But not about the feature itself. I think there is a place for these types of doc's, but probably not in the readme. 

I do however like your verbage "dedicated config files", maybe we can work on that to start documenting the feature. This is rough, but maybe something like:

```
### Dedicated Configuration Files

At project generation a single `default` configuration is created. For most cases a single configuration file will get the job done. But there are times where you want to have a different configuration for a different environment. These environments for example could be, a developers local machine, a remote `production` environment, or a remote `staging` environment. In all these cases you want to use a different configuration for each. 

To achieve this the way in which we resolve what configuration file to use is done in the following way. First, we check to see if there is a config file named after your remote Managed Runtime environment, if none it found we'll then look for a `local` configuration (only if we are running on a developers machine), finally if we still don't find a configuration, we'll load the `default` config file `config/default.js`.

This feature will allow you do these but not limited to things:

- Each developer can have their own configuration, connection to their own Commerce API sandboxes.
- Deploy a single codebase application to multiple environments with their own specific configurations (Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains).

Furthermore, your configurations can be written in any of the following languages, `.js`, `.yml`, `.yaml`, or `.json`. And will be marched based on that priority.  
```

Author: You are right about this not being the right space. A lot of this should move to the developer website. I thought of documenting that here until it gets to the developer.salesforce.com. @rsexton404

Reviewer 2: I agree with Ben's comment above. The feature alone by itself is not aware of MRT environment or domains until it gets pushed to the platform.  We are replacing a section that documented how the feature works with how they should be used in a platform, which is not relatively true in development per se. A section explaining how the config files could be used sounds right to me.

                    alias: 'de',
                    preferredCurrency: 'EUR'
                },
                {
                    id: 'en-GB',
                    preferredCurrency: 'GBP'
                },
                {
                    id: 'ja-JP',
                    preferredCurrency: 'JPY'
                }
            ],
            defaultLocale: 'en-GB'
        }
    }
]
```

Optionally, You can then map the site IDs with aliases in `/config/default.js` file and also set default site. If no alias is defined for the site, then IDs are used in URLs. 

```
\\ /config/default.js
   
   defaultSite: 'RefArchGlobal',
   siteAliases: {
       RefArch: 'us',
       RefArchGlobal: 'global',
       NTOManaged: 'nto'
   },
```

If you set `url.showDefault` to `true` in `/config/default.js` file, then default locale and site are set in the URL of your Retail app. In addition to site alias, you can also configure aliases for your locale in `sites.js` file. If you configured alias, URL will reflect that instead of your locale ID. 

> *Note*: URLs constructed using canonical site and locale ids are still valid URLs even when aliases are used.   

> ### Manage Multiple B2C Site with Different Domains
> 
> It is possible to manage mutliple B2C sites defined in Business Manager and deploy them over different domains using multiple Managed Runtime environments. This is done using a dedicated config file for each environment. For example, your site can be `customer.ca` and `customer.uk`, or `customer-a.com` and `customer-b.ca`. You can also customize the URL patterns further. t is possible to have `customer-1.com/us` and `customer-2.com/?locale=en_US`.
> 
> You can deploy bundles to work with multiple domains using different Managed Runtime envioronment, each configured for a separate domain. The configuration mapping is done by means of unique configuration file for each Managed Runtime environment. 
> 
> For example, to deploy `customer-1.com` is deployed to envioronment `env-customer-1`, and `customer-2.com` to environment `env-customer-2`, you need to create files `config/env-customer-1.js` and `config/env-customer-2.js` respectively, in place of `config/default.js`. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
